# List and describe at least 5 topics that we discussed in class that you know very well. Each description should be at least 1 paragraph with three to five sentences.
1. **Output/Input Statements** - We learned about 4 different output statements and 1 input statement. There's console.log, which outputs to the browser's console. Then we have the alert() method that displays alert dialog boxes. There's also document.write(), which outputs to the browser window, and finally, we have document.getElementById(id) which requires inserting the output using the innerHTML property and displaying it. For input statements, we have the prompt box, which requires you to input a value, and the confirm box, which allows the user to select between "Ok" or "Cancel" in order to continue.
2. **Conditional Statements** - If-else, Rational Operators, Logical Operators, and Switch Statements have all been taught to us in the past by C++. Thus, this lesson has been particularly easy. However, the incorporation of the different Output/Input statements was the only difficulty for me in writing if-else statements.
3. **Loops** - Again, most loops that we've studied in JavaScrpt have already been introduced to us by C++. This includes the While Loop, Do While Loop, and the For Loop. With the exception of the For In Loop, this lesson was fun to relearn. Although, I don't think I can fully say that I've mastered this lesson as I can't see myself answering a complex problem using my current knowledge on loops.
4. **Assignment Operators** - This uses one equal sign to assign the value of the right operand to the left. There is the Simple Assignment Operator (=), and there are Compound Assignment Operators, which are written in shorthand form (+=, -=, *=, etc.). The logic in these operators were quite easy to understand. I had no trouble in learning about them.
5. **Comparison Operators** - This compares two values, whether they are ==, !=, >, <, >=, <=, or ===. When the condition is true, it will display "True". When it is false, it will display "False". An interesting Comparison Operator to look at is the strictly equal operator. This not only checks whether the two values are equal, but it also checks whether they are of the same type.